#4dpzbk / - #2bj0dv - Add meta tags (#395)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/software/pupil-player.md

---
permalink: /core/software/pupil-player

> description: Pupil Player is the second tool you will use after Pupil Capture. It is a media and data visualizer at its core. You will use it to look at Pupil Capture recordings. Visualize your data and export it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Pupil Player desktop eye tracking visualization software. Use it to play back recordings made with Pupil Core and export data for further analysis.
```
